Comcast Business offers a suite of Connectivity, Communications, Networking, Cybersecurity, Wireless, and Managed Solutions to help global organizations of all sizes prepare for what’s next. Powered by the nation’s largest Gig-speed broadband network and backed by 24/7 customer support, Comcast Business is the nation’s largest technology provider to small businesses and one of the leading service providers to the Enterprise market. Comcast Business has been consistently recognized by industry analysts and associations as a leader and innovator, and one of the fastest growing providers of Ethernet services.

Job Summary

We are seeking a Product Manager for Comcast Business Mobile Digital Sales on ComcastBusiness.com. This product manager will play a vital role in creating and driving our omnichannel approach to deliver leads, sales and growth for Comcast Business Mobile – from awareness to purchase experience for new and existing customers. A key part of the role is envisioning and executing a unified, best-in-class digital customer journey, bridging the gap between technology, marketing and merchandising to deliver impactful and competitive digital experiences. We are looking for a blend of product leadership, technical experience and data-driven decision making to fuel business growth and enhance customer capabilities in an evolving digital marketplace. This position requires a strong foundation in digital product management, with experience delivering customer-facing web experiences and integrating ecommerce and order management technologies. Experience in B2B digital sales or telecom is highly recommended. The Digital Product Manager, Comcast Business Mobile, will report to the Senior Manager of Comcast Business Mobile Digital.

Job Description

Digital product management & execution

Oversee the end-to-end product lifecycle, including gathering requirements, prioritizing features, coordinating releases, and ensuring quality in digital platforms such as websites and ecommerce portals.
Define product requirements and roadmap work in line with business objectives and technical constraints. Work with merchandising to align brand standards and enhances the online customer journey.
Measure success through improvements in digital conversion rate, qualified lead volume, revenue contribution, funnel efficiency and customer engagement metrics.
Monitor KPIs and conduct analysis to continuously improve product performance and user engagement.

Cross-functional collaboration and leadership

Partner with teams across user experience, design, content, engineering, product, sales, and analytics to launch new services, features and enhancements on time and within budget.
Manage stakeholder expectations, communicate product vision clearly, and foster agile development practices.
Ensure product and merchandising managers are aligned with business and technical objectives. 
Ensure digital experiences meet accessibility standards, privacy requirements and regulatory constraints in partnership with legal and compliance teams.

Customer Experience, Personalization, And Optimization

Continuously improve the customer experience through data-driven insights and research.
Evaluate funnel metrics, traffic sources, and conversion drivers; collaborate with analytics to improve lead quality and volume for new and existing customers. Drive deeper engagement and monetization of existing customers.
Lead experimentation efforts including A/B testing, experience optimizations, and rapid iteration to improve conversion and customer experience.

Responsibilities

Analyzing product management activities, defining product concepts, and justifying product-related expenditures
Assisting other product managers in solving semi-complex problems and guiding them through larger project initiatives
Managing profit and loss or budgetary aspects for assigned products, ensuring alignment with company goals
Evaluating market trends, consumer needs, and technological advancements to inform product strategy
Developing detailed product features, requirements, and implementation plans, prioritizing based on market needs
Envisioning new product features through participation in cross-functional teams, fostering innovation and collaboration
Coordinating with external vendors and strategic partners to ensure timely, on-budget delivery of product initiatives
Reviewing and adjusting pricing strategies to maintain market competitiveness and company profitability
Conducting periodic margin analyses to identify opportunities for product improvement and cost optimization
Ensuring seamless coordination among cross-functional teams to achieve product launch and lifecycle objectives
Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.
Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.

Employees At All Levels Are Expected To

Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job.
Own the customer experience think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services.
Know your stuff be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences.
Win as a team make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas.
Be an active part of the Net Promoter System a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers.
Drive results and growth.
Support a culture of inclusion in how you work and lead.
Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities.

Disclaimer: This information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications.

Comcast is an equal opportunity workplace. We will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law.

Skills

Customer Experience (CX); Collaborating; Product Management; Customer Engagement; Product Strategies

Base pay is one part of the Total Rewards that Comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work. Most sales positions are eligible for a Commission under the terms of an applicable plan, while most non-sales positions are eligible for a Bonus. Additionally, Comcast provides best-in-class Benefits to eligible employees. We believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most, and should help you care for those who matter most. That’s why we provide an array of options, expert guidance and always-on tools, that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality - to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life. Please visit the compensation and benefits summary  on our careers site for more details.

Education

Bachelor's Degree

While possessing the stated degree is preferred, Comcast also may consider applicants who hold some combination of coursework and experience, or who have extensive related professional experience.

Relevant Work Experience

5-7 Years
… more