Digital MBA Intern

About the job
WHY JOIN ALO?

Mindful movement. It’s at the core of why we do what we do at ALO—it’s our calling. Because mindful movement in the studio leads to better living. It changes who yogis are off the mat, making their lives and their communities better. That’s the real meaning of studio-to-street: taking the consciousness from practice on the mat and putting it into practice in life.

OVERVIEW

Join us this summer for an immersive designed for ambitious MBA students who want to make an impact. As an MBA Intern at ALO, you will gain hands-on experience working on high-impact digital strategy projects that combine strategic thinking with actionable outcomes. This program offers the opportunity to present recommendations to senior leadership and contribute to the implementation of strategic initiatives. You will be challenged to think critically, collaborate cross-functionally, and deliver actionable insights. This is an ideal opportunity for those who are eager to see their ideas translated into real business impact while gaining exposure to strategic decision-making in a fast-paced digital environment.

The ALO internship programs starts June 8th and ends July 31st. Interns will be working 40 hours a week at our Beverly Hills HQ.

Responsibilities 

You will be assigned to one of the following high-impact projects, aligned with our strategic priorities:
International Development: Design and refine go-to-market strategies (e.g. pricing, operations, marketing) for global markets and provide strategic guidance to support international expansion plans
Customer Service: Assess performance metrics, customer pain points, and partner workflows to inform strategic & operational recommendations
Growth Marketing: understand funnel and channel performance, identify optimization opportunities, and execute data-driven experiments to improve customer acquisition
Conduct market, competitive, and customer insights research
Present data-driven insights and strategic recommendations to senior leadership
Contribute to the execution of strategic initiatives, working closely with teams to support project delivery and measure impact
Collaborate cross-functionally with teams including Marketing, Merchandising, E-Commerce, Growth, Retail, and Operations
Develop strategic frameworks and business cases to support high-impact initiatives
Monitor and report on progress, ensuring alignment with business objectives

QUALIFICATIONS

Currently pursuing an MBA from a top-tier university.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to structure and analyze complex business problems.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Demonstrated leadership skills and a proactive approach to problem-solving.
Passion for digital strategy, e-commerce, and customer experience.

The base pay range for this position is $45/hr-$50/hr which represents the current range for the non-exempt position. Please note that actual pay will vary based on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance.

Eligibility: This internship is open to students who are recent graduates or current seniors with graduation dates in Winter 2025, Spring 2026, Winter 2026 and Spring 2027. Unfortunately, we are not able to consider candidates graduating in Winter 2027 or later at this time.

For CA residents, Job Applicant Privacy Policy HERE.