Halliburton, Landmark Software & Services – Product Manager - Data Platform Intern - Application via WayUp

About the job
This role is with Halliburton. WayUp is partnering with Halliburton to hire top talent.

 We are looking for the right people — people who want to Innovate. Achieve. Grow. Lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to achieve their career potential. Explore the possibilities in a career that helps bring energy to the world . At Halliburton , we want people who want to make a difference. Take risks. Inspire. Be inspired. Learn. Collaborate to create a better future in a safe, ethical, and dynamic workplace with limitless opportunity. 

What You’ll Do… This position is located in Houston, TX.

Our intern program philosophy is to “recruit once, hire twice” with the hope to hire interns back into full-time or return internship roles.

The internship program assignments are 10-14 weeks in duration and are full-time in-person internships.

The summer 2026 internship is expected to begin on May 17, 2026.

Your Key Responsibilities: 
Participate in the Product Management organization on the DS365.ai suite of products
Work with the Product Management and Business Development organizations to thoroughly understand product offerings
Collaborate with Landmark executives to gain leadership experience while contributing to high-visibility customer-facing products
Thoroughly research and create a recommendation on pricing strategy and revenue growth for fast-moving products in this space What You’ll Bring to Our Team Required Qualifications: 
Reliable transportation to and from work daily is required.
Unrestricted authorization to work in the United States both now and in the future; Halliburton will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.
Desired Qualifications: 
A self-starter with proven leadership abilities, innovative ideas, and communication skills enabling them to convey information from vague imaginings to solid ideas to team members, project stakeholders and executive management.
Be able to work alongside and seek insight from personnel from varying functions across the Landmark organization such as Marketing, Research & Development, and Business Development to complete a complex project in a restricted time frame.
A nice-to-have would be a general understanding of the software development process, like how a Product Manager contributes to the software development team, along with experience in owning a product.
What We Offer… Relocation This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.

To qualify, your university and/or permanent address must be more than 50 miles from your work location.

Corporate housing provided for the summer to those candidates who qualify.
Relocation assistance. Salary Range: $40/hour _Please note that the pay information shown below is a general guide only.

Salaries are based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations._ What’s In It for you: 

An internship with Halliburton will provide great insight to see if this is the right career for you.
You’ll receive hands-on, real-world work experience that will help you prepare for the next step in your career.
You’ll become an integral part of our team and be expected to deliver results that will make an impact.
Develop meaningful connections with industry leaders, learn a lot about the industry and develop the cutting-edge skills you need to become a leader for tomorrow.
Collaborate with teams across the globe and with diverse backgrounds – both professionally and culturally.
Halliburton’s Commitment Enhance the economic and social well-being of our employees and the communities in which we operate – Our intent is to be a preferred employer and make a positive impact in the communities where we live and work.
Employee Investment: Halliburton is able to innovate, achieve, grow and lead for one reason: our people.

We invest in our employees through competitive compensation plans, health benefits, work-life programs, and rewards and incentive plans.

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: At Halliburton, no matter who you are, or where you come from, you will be given the opportunity to have your voice heard – and the opportunity to succeed. We understand that diversity matters, because great minds don’t always think alike.
Sustainability: At Halliburton, sustainability is serving our customers, employees, stakeholders, and communities in an environmentally, socially, and ethically responsible way.