MBA Strategy Intern

About the job
Description

We are a global leader in food & beverage ingredients. Pioneers at heart, we operate at the forefront of consumer trends to provide food & beverage manufacturers with products and ingredients that will delight their consumers. Making a positive impact on people and planet is all part of the delight. With a deep-rooted presence in the countries where our ingredients are grown, we are closer to farmers, enabling better quality, and more reliable, traceable and transparent supply. Supplying products and ingredients at scale is just the start. We add value through our unique, complementary portfolio of natural, delicious and nutritious products. With our fresh thinking, we help our customers unleash the sensory and functional attributes of cocoa, coffee, dairy, nuts and spices so they can create naturally good food & beverage products that meet consumer expectations. And whoever we’re with, whatever we’re doing, we always make it real.

Position Summary

ofi’s internship program is a great way to gain relevant experience to jump-start your career. You will work closely with exceptional talent, building on our purpose to “Be the Change for Good Food and a Healthy Future” and contributing to critical work for the business. As a Summer 2026 Intern, you will have opportunities to learn and contribute to what’s on trend in food & beverage while building a robust network, demonstrating leadership skills, and having fun.

Reporting to the Business Head, the Operations Intern will work with the Nuts leadership team and gain exposure to strategic business operations as well as project work to optimize and improve efficiency of operational processes across the US Nuts Business.

The purpose of this project will be to partner with operations teams to identify and execute on ideas to improve efficiencies on the shopfloor in terms of throughput, yield and manhours. The operations role is one of the most critical functions, with visibility and cross functional interaction with all teams. This project will provide the Operations Intern with an in-depth understanding of the entire operational process for a downstream private label business.

The ideal candidate should be in good standing with an accredited university and have a desire to pursue a career within the food industry. Desire to learn in a fast-paced environment while working with multiple teams across various locations and effective communication will be required for success in this internship.

Position Responsibilities

 Assist in monitoring and analyzing the manufacturing process to identify areas for improving throughput and yield.
Support data collection and reporting on key performance metrics such as manhours per pound and overall equipment effectiveness.
Collaborate with production teams to understand workflow and suggest process improvements for enhanced operational efficiency.
Participate in root cause analysis of production bottlenecks and quality issues to recommend corrective actions.
Contribute to continuous improvement initiatives by researching best practices and assisting in the implementation of efficiency-enhancing projects
Lead and participate in ad hoc projects for the Hughson Nut Ingredients Team 
Perform other duties as assigned. 

Position Requirements

 High school diploma is required.
 Must be currently enrolled at an accredited college or university, working toward a Masters or MBA degree in Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, Business, or a related discipline.

Experience With Microsoft Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel) Is Required.

 Ability to work effectively within a fast-paced environment is required.
 Must possess a high degree of initiative and resourcefulness.
 High level of integrity, confidentiality and data protection are required.
 Strong communication skills, both written and verbal are required.

The pay for this role in the state of California is $32-50/hour and is based on position responsibilities and geographic location. Interns with a permanent address more than 35 miles from the work location are eligible for a stipend to offset relocation and housing costs. This position requires the ability to work on-site at the assigned location for 10-12 weeks during the summer of 2026.

Interns with a permanent address more than 35 miles from the work location are eligible to receive a stipend to offset relocation and housing costs.

Note: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as negotiated to meet the ongoing needs of the organization.

ofi provides equality of opportunity for all persons with respect to hiring without discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, age, disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. All employment will be decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us for support at: [email protected]

At ofi, we celebrate our diversity. Olam Americas, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.