About the job
Company Overview

Docusign brings agreements to life. Over 1.5 million customers and more than a billion people in over 180 countries use Docusign solutions to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people’s lives. With intelligent agreement management, Docusign unleashes business-critical data that is trapped inside of documents. Until now, these were disconnected from business systems of record, costing businesses time, money, and opportunity. Using Docusign’s Intelligent Agreement Management platform, companies can create, commit, and manage agreements with solutions created by the #1 company in e-signature and contract lifecycle management (CLM).

What you'll do

As a Product Management Intern on the Navigator Data Onboarding team at Docusign, you will contribute to the strategy and execution of one of our highest priority product initiatives: expanding how enterprise customers bring their agreements into Navigator, Docusign’s intelligent agreement management platform. You will collaborate closely with experienced Product, Engineering and Design team members, as well as cross functional partners in Sales, Customer Success and Data Science, to define the next generation of seamless document integration for enterprise customers.

This is a high impact, research-to-roadmap experience: you’ll go from understanding real customer pain points to presenting strategic recommendations directly to product and engineering leadership.

This position is an individual contributor role reporting to the Director, Product Management.

Responsibility

Conduct market and competitive research to identify emerging customer needs around data centralization and agreement management
Analyze current user journey data to generate actionable insights 
Collaborate cross functionally with Product, Engineering and Design to brainstorm, scope and prioritize high impact features that unlock customer value
Evaluate industry best practices for bulk data migration and automated document categorization that inform our long term product roadmap
Develop a prioritized product requirements document in partnership with Engineering and Design
Present a final strategic recommendation to leadership outlining a feature roadmap to support Docusign’s strategic centralization goals

Job Designation

Hybrid: Employee divides their time between in-office and remote work. Access to an office location is required. (Frequency: Minimum 2 days per week; may vary by team but will be weekly in-office expectation)

Positions at Docusign are assigned a job designation of either In Office, Hybrid or Remote and are specific to the role/job. Preferred job designations are not guaranteed when changing positions within Docusign. Docusign reserves the right to change a position's job designation depending on business needs and as permitted by local law.

What you bring

Basic

Currently pursuing an MBA or other graduate degree
Expected graduation in December 2026 or May/June 2027

Preferred

Passion for product strategy, enterprise software and solving complex user problems
Strong analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to develop data driven recommendations
Prior internship or work experience in product management, strategy, consulting or a related field
Familiarity with B2B SaaS products, document workflows, or enterprise data management
Experience with user research or data analysis

Wage Transparency

Pay for this position is based on a number of factors including geographic location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.

Based on applicable legislation, the below details pay ranges in the following locations:

California: $38/hour - $43/hour

Washington, Maryland, New Jersey and New York (including NYC metro area): $38/hour - $40/hour

Work Authorization Notice: Please note that we do not provide visa sponsorship or immigration support for this position. Applicants must already be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time, permanent basis without the need for current or future sponsorship.

Life at Docusign

Working here

Docusign is committed to building trust and making the world more agreeable for our employees, customers and the communities in which we live and work. You can count on us to listen, be honest, and try our best to do what’s right, every day. At Docusign, everything is equal.

We each have a responsibility to ensure every team member has an equal opportunity to succeed, to be heard, to exchange ideas openly, to build lasting relationships, and to do the work of their life. Best of all, you will be able to feel deep pride in the work you do, because your contribution helps us make the world better than we found it. And for that, you’ll be loved by us, our customers, and the world in which we live.

Accommodation

Docusign is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our job application procedures. If you need such an accommodation, or a religious accommodation, during the application process, please contact us at accommodations@docusign.com.

If you experience any issues, concerns, or technical difficulties during the application process please get in touch with our Talent organization at taops@docusign.com for assistance.

Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice

States Not Eligible for Employment

This position is not eligible for employment in the following states: Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, Mississippi, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia and Wyoming.

Equal Opportunity Employer

It's important to us that we build a talented team that is as diverse as our customers and where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging and thrive. We encourage great talent who bring a range of perspectives to apply for our open positions. Docusign is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes hiring decisions based on experience, skill, aptitude and a can-do approach. We will not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, physical or mental disability, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, marital status, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected category.