About the job
Accelerate your career. Join the organization that's driving the world's technology and shape the future.

Ingram Micro is a leading technology company for the global information technology ecosystem. With the ability to reach nearly 90% of the global population, we play a vital role in the worldwide IT sales channel, bringing products and services from technology manufacturers and cloud providers to business-to-business technology experts. Our market reach, diverse solutions and services portfolio, and digital platform Ingram Micro Xvantage™ set us apart. Learn more at www.ingrammicro.com.

Come join our team where you’ll make technology happen in surprising ways. Let’s shape tomorrow - it’ll be a fun journey!

Ingram Micro is seeking a Product Management Intern to join us in June for our 10-week PAID Summer Internship Program! We are looking for college and university students who are ready to expand their skills and apply them to meaningful work with a global organization.

Location:

This position is based in our Irvine, CA office with the opportunity for a hybrid schedule that includes required in-office days.

Program details: 

We have internships available across our various departments and locations throughout the U.S. Unless otherwise noted, all internships are on a hybrid format at the designated office listed in the job description, and are 40 hours per week, Monday through Friday. Our program includes cohort activities such as learning & development trainings, executive speaker sessions, and other networking opportunities.

Important dates: 

March: Applications Open (some postings may close early due to applicant volume) 
March – April: Recruiters and hiring managers will review applications and reach out to candidates on a rolling basis. Timing of outreach for each internship position may vary, and some may start interviews sooner than others, but candidates may expect to hear by end of April if they are selected for an interview. 
June 1st – August 7th: First cohort start & end date
June 15th – August 21st: Second cohort start & end date

Your role:

Research and document how cost management is performed across Ingram Micro. 
Collaborate with Product, Business, Data, Engineering, and Design teams to gather requirements and understand user needs. 
Evaluate opportunities to improve how costs are tracked, analyzed, and surfaced to stakeholders. 
Propose a scalable product direction to systemize ongoing cost management and insights. 
Build and demo a prototype using AI tools to illustrate potential value. 
Document requirements, recommendations, and future scope to guide next‑phase product development. 

What you bring to the role:

Actively enrolled in an accredited college/university program, or recently graduated (within the last semester or quarter) from an accredited college/university program. Juniors or seniors are preferred. 
Strong analytical and problem‑solving skills. 
Ability to work with data and learn complex systems quickly. 
Interest in product strategy, cost analysis, and AI‑driven solutions. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
Collaborative mindset and ability to work cross‑functionally. 

This posting will remain live for at least 3 days. After that, the posting may be removed at any time. We recommend submitting your application as soon as possible. 

The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $48,200.00 - $77,100.00 per year.

The ranges above reflect the potential annual base pay across the U.S. for all roles; the applicable base pay range will depend on the candidate’s primary work location, pay grade, and variable compensation plan. Individual base pay within each range depends on various factors, in addition to primary work location, such as complexity and responsibility of role, job duties/requirements, and relevant experience and skills. Base pay ranges are reviewed and typically updated each year. Offers are made within the base pay range applicable at the time of hire. New hires starting base pay generally falls in the bottom half (between the minimum and midpoint) of a pay range.

At Ingram Micro certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases, annual bonus or sales incentives and long-term incentives. These awards are allocated based on position level and individual performance. U.S.-based employees have access to healthcare benefits, paid time off, parental leave, a 401(k) plan and company match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, and wellbeing benefits, among others.

This is not a complete listing of the job duties. It’s a representation of the things you will be doing, and you may not perform all these duties.

Please be prepared to pass a drug test and successfully pass a pre-employment (post offer) background check.

Ingram Micro Inc. is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, or any other protected category under applicable law.