About the job
As passionate about our people as we are about our mission.

Why Join Q2?

Q2 is a leading provider of digital banking and lending solutions to banks, credit unions, alternative finance companies, and fintechs in the U.S. and internationally. Our mission is simple: build strong and diverse communities through innovative financial technology—and we do that by empowering our people to help create success for our customers.

What Makes Q2 Special?

Being as passionate about our people as we are about our mission. We celebrate our employees in many ways, including our “Circle of Awesomeness” award ceremony and day of employee celebration among others! We invest in the growth and development of our team members through ongoing learning opportunities, mentorship programs, internal mobility, and meaningful leadership relationships. We also know that nothing builds trust and collaboration like having fun. We hold an annual Dodgeball for Charity event at our Q2 Stadium in Austin, inviting other local companies to play, and community organizations we support to raise money and awareness together.

Job At-A-Glance

The Summer Internship Program (May 26 – August 14) offers a 12-week, paid, full-time opportunity to experience product management in the digital banking software space. You’ll gain first-hand exposure to how Q2 builds, improves, and delivers industry-leading financial technology solutions.

This hybrid role is based in Austin (3 days in office) and includes networking sessions, mentorship, and a final presentation to our Executive Leadership Team.

A Typical Day

As a Product Management Intern, you’ll work closely with cross-functional teams to understand user needs, define product features, and help shape Q2’s next-generation solutions.

Examples Of Past Intern Projects Include

Contributing to roadmap documentation and feature requirements.
Conducting competitive and user research to inform priorities.
Assisting with usability testing and product analytics.
Collaborating with design and engineering teams on feature delivery.

What You’ll Do

Support roadmap planning and backlog refinement.
Collect and analyze product usage data.
Help define and test new product features.
Communicate insights to stakeholders.

What You’ll Bring

Pursuing a degree in Business, Computer Science, or related field.
Interest in product strategy, UX, and technology.
Strong analytical, communication, and collaboration skills.
Familiarity with Agile or Scrum frameworks a plus.

This position requires fluent written and oral communication in English. 

Health & Wellness

Hybrid Work Opportunities
Flexible Time Off 
Career Development & Mentoring Programs 
Health & Wellness Benefits, including competitive health insurance offerings and generous paid parental leave for eligible new parents 
Community Volunteering & Company Philanthropy Programs 
Employee Peer Recognition Programs – “You Earned it”

Click here to find out more about the benefits we offer.

Our Culture & Commitment

We’re proud to foster a supportive, inclusive environment where career growth, collaboration, and wellness are prioritized. And our benefits go beyond healthcare—offering resources for physical, mental, and professional well-being. Click here to find out more about the benefits we offer. Q2 employees are encouraged to give back through volunteer work and nonprofit support through our Spark Program (see more). We believe in making an impact—in the industry and in the community.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status.

