About the job
Your Career at Rubrik 

Rubrik (RBRK), the Security and AI Operations Company, leads at the intersection of data protection, cyber resilience, and enterprise AI acceleration. Rubrik Security Cloud delivers complete cyber resilience by securing, monitoring, and recovering data, identities, and workloads across clouds. Rubrik Agent Cloud accelerates trusted AI agent deployments at scale by monitoring and auditing agentic actions, enforcing real-time guardrails, fine-tuning for accuracy, and undoing agentic mistakes. For more information, please visit www.rubrik.com and follow @rubrikInc on X (formerly Twitter) and Rubrik on LinkedIn.

About The Product Team

The Product Team at Rubrik is responsible for driving Rubrik’s mission of securing the world’s data by creating products that simplify the complexity of managing cyber resilience across all applications and types of data. We seek to build consumer-grade experiences to solve the hardest and most complex enterprise challenges.

About The Role

Reporting to the Head of Monetization, Packaging and Pricing Strategy, you will strategize and execute on how we go to market with a product monetization and business model that is aligned with customer value.

Your work will directly and visibly contribute to our overall strategy and success. You will be tasked with developing solutions for complex business problems that are top-of-mind for our executives. We expect you to work collaboratively to gather and analyze information, formulate and test hypotheses, independently lead problem-solving, develop and package recommendations for presentation to management, support execution, and manage a broad set of cross-functional stakeholders, including the rest of Product, Marketing, Finance, and Engineering. At every turn, our team will strive to uncover value and opportunities for the Business. Rubrik’s monetization team sits within product management and reports to Anneka Gupta, Chief Product Officer of Rubrik.

Responsibilities Include

Develop and refine monetization strategies for core platform products and expand revenue opportunities in new markets.
Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to define and implement innovative product monetization models.
Partner cross-functionally across Marketing, Finance, and Engineering to execute and operationalize new business strategies.
Lead the execution and implementation of pricing, packaging, and overall monetization decisions.
Synthesize complex data and market insights into actionable business recommendations.
Be a "player-coach," guiding team members to improve capabilities and ensuring a collaborative and high-performing team environment.

About You (Your Impact)

You possess a strong blend of strategic thinking, technical savvy, and financial acumen. You approach challenges with an analytical mindset and curiosity, leveraging data to find clarity in ambiguity. You’re results-driven, ready to take ownership of initiatives, and excel in both independent work and cross-functional collaboration.

You’re not afraid to get hands-on when needed, whether that’s building financial models, distilling market feedback, or driving alignment across stakeholders. Most importantly, you’re passionate about delivering impactful solutions that resonate with customers and drive business growth.

Qualifications

Education: Actively enrolled in an MBA program in the US 
Graduation: Spring 2026 or Spring 2027
Experience: Minimum of 6+ years of experience in pricing, product management, management consulting, investment banking, or business operations.
Analytical Skills: Advanced financial modeling, market analysis, and problem-solving capabilities; ability to translate data into actionable insights and clear recommendations.
Communication Excellence: Strong verbal and written communication skills, including executive-ready presentation capabilities, with meticulous attention to detail.
Technical Curiosity: Passion for technology and willingness to delve deeply into technical product landscapes.
Collaborative Leadership: Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally and influence stakeholders across functions and levels of seniority.
Execution-Oriented: Proven track record of delivering results in fast-paced, dynamic environments.

US Pay Range

$65-70/hour USD. A housing and relocation stipend will also be provided.

Join Us in Securing the World's Data

Rubrik (RBRK), the Security and AI Operations Company, leads at the intersection of data protection, cyber resilience, and enterprise AI acceleration. Rubrik Security Cloud delivers complete cyber resilience by securing, monitoring, and recovering data, identities, and workloads across clouds. Rubrik Agent Cloud accelerates trusted AI agent deployments at scale by monitoring and auditing agentic actions, enforcing real-time guardrails, fine-tuning for accuracy and undoing agentic mistakes.

Linkedin | X (formerly Twitter) | Instagram | Rubrik.com

Inclusion @ Rubrik

At Rubrik, we are dedicated to fostering a culture where people from all backgrounds are valued, feel they belong, and believe they can succeed. Our commitment to inclusion is at the heart of our mission to secure the world’s data.

Our goal is to hire and promote the best talent, regardless of background. We continually review our hiring practices to ensure fairness and strive to create an environment where every employee has equal access to opportunities for growth and excellence. We believe in empowering everyone to bring their authentic selves to work and achieve their fullest potential.

Our inclusion strategy focuses on three core areas of our business and culture:

Our Company: We are committed to building a merit-based organization that offers equal access to growth and success for all employees globally. Your potential is limitless here. 
Our Culture: We strive to create an inclusive atmosphere where individuals from all backgrounds feel a strong sense of belonging, can thrive, and do their best work. Your contributions help us innovate and break boundaries. 
Our Communities: We are dedicated to expanding our engagement with the communities we operate in, creating opportunities for underrepresented talent and driving greater innovation for our clients. Your impact extends beyond Rubrik, contributing to safer and stronger communities. 

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Rubrik is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please contact us at hr@rubrik.com if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.