About the job
Who We Are

Verkada is transforming how organizations protect their people and places with an integrated, AI-powered platform. A leader in cloud physical security, Verkada helps organizations strengthen safety and efficiency through one connected software platform that includes solutions for video security, access control, air quality sensors, alarms, intercoms, and visitor management.

Over 30,000 organizations worldwide, including more than 100+ companies in the Fortune 500, trust Verkada as their physical security layer for easier management, intelligent control, and scalable deployments. Founded in 2016, Verkada has expanded rapidly with 15 offices and 2,200+ full-time employees.

About The Team

Our product team is defined by a deep commitment to technical excellence, market success, and an uncompromising standard for simple, elegant product design. We are constantly scaling our core product lines while simultaneously shaping 0-1 product experiences that transform how organizations operate. We maintain an uncompromising bar for quality and iterate quickly, embracing the tension of shipping fast while ensuring a simple, powerful, and unified customer experience.

We will interview MBA candidates for the general product team and conduct a team-matching process upon making an offer to join us. All roles are based onsite 5 days per week at our HQ in San Mateo, CA.

What You’ll Do

Launch new products in collaboration with Design, Engineering, and Marketing
Gather customer feedback and dig into customer use cases to understand their needs and to prioritize feature development
Define internal processes and track metrics to optimize customer experience
Train our Sales team on new product features and releases, and partner with them to close strategic customer accounts
Make data-driven decisions to define and optimize product pricing
Establish technology partnerships with complementary tech companies

What You Bring

Currently enrolled in a full-time MBA program graduating in 2027
Ability to work at Verkada HQ in San Mateo, CA for Summer 2026
Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or similar quantitative field
Minimum of 3 years of experience in a business-oriented function
Strong technical understanding, ability to establish credibility with engineers and customers alike
Ability to lead across strategy and execution. We pride ourselves in sweating the details and search for this in candidates
Real passion for craftsmanship and product details. If you’ve spent days retrofitting your house with the latest smart home technology, you’ll like it here
Experience selling enterprise products is a bonus

US Intern Benefits

At Verkada, we’re committed to supporting the health, well-being, and personal growth of our interns. Our comprehensive benefits and perks are designed to promote a balanced and rewarding internship experience. Highlights include:

Monthly housing stipend (in addition to hourly wage)
Roundtrip flights to and from our San Mateo HQ
Daily lunch, complimentary barista-made drinks, and fully stocked snacks to keep you fueled
Intern-exclusive events and mixers
After 90 days of active employment, interns are eligible for medical, dental, and vision insurance. We cover 100% of employee premiums under at least one medical plan and 80% of dependent premiums
Time off to rest and recharge through personal sick time and volunteer time off to support causes you care about

Additional Information

We sponsor and take over sponsorship of employment visas for this role. If we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa

Pay Disclosure

At Verkada, we want to attract and retain the best employees, and compensate them in a way that appropriately and fairly values their individual contribution to the company. With that in mind, we carefully consider a number of factors to determine the appropriate starting pay for an employee, including their primary work location and an assessment of a candidate’s skills and experience, as well as market demands and internal parity. This estimate can vary based on the factors described above, so the actual starting base pay may be above or below this range. Base pay is also just one component of Verkada’s total rewards package. A Verkada employee may be eligible for additional forms of compensation, depending on their role, including sales incentives, discretionary bonuses, and/or equity in the company in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).

Estimated Hourly Pay Range

$74.50—$103 USD

Verkada Is An Equal Opportunity Employer

As an equal opportunity employer, Verkada is committed to providing employment opportunities to all individuals. All applicants for positions at Verkada will be treated without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.

Your application will be handled in accordance with our Candidate Privacy Policy.

