Corporate Strategy Manager MBA (Intern) - United States

About the job
Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.

Applications are accepted until further notice.

Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.

Meet the Team 

We are a team of MBAs, PhDs, and technologists from a diverse set of backgrounds. We are former consultants, product managers, and investment bankers who have a passion for technology. The Corporate Strategy Office helps craft Cisco's business vision and strategy, partnering with Cisco's executive leadership team and senior leaders throughout the company. Joining the Corporate Strategy team will give you the chance to explore highly complex problems using fact-based analysis, and gain insight into the strategic issues which are forefront in the minds of the executive leadership team.

We work with the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) to define and implement Cisco’s overarching strategy. We partner closely with the General Managers and their leadership teams to build, refine, and implement product strategies. We collaborate with key functions (Sales, Customer Experience, Ops, Finance, etc..) to build practical recommendations and capture insights that inform Cisco’s strategy.

Your Impact 

The Corporate Strategy Team Is Part Of The Chief Strategy Office, Which Helps Craft Cisco's Business Vision And Strategy, Partnering With Cisco's Executive Leadership Team And Senior Leaders Throughout The Company. As a Corporate Strategy Manager

Drive projects that identify and explore new technologies and business models to extend Cisco's technology leadership and customer relevance, then lead the decision-making, execution and investments to make those opportunities a reality 
Work closely with Cisco business units and cross-functional leadership to formulate long-term strategic priorities and plans related to e.g., emerging industry trends, expansion opportunities, competitive dynamics, and internal business performance improvement 
Influence both organic and inorganic growth strategy, including opportunities for Cisco to build, buy, partner, invest or co-develop 
Work cross-functionally across external and internal collaborators, partnering closely with Cisco's product, engineering, finance, sales, marketing and other teams 
Become an expert in Cisco's business and have a solid grasp on the markets we serve and competitors we face 
Joining the Corporate Strategy team will give you the chance to explore highly complex problems, gain insight into the strategic issues which are forefront in the minds of the executive leadership team, and create relationships with people across the entire organization. 

Minimum Qualifications

Currently enrolled in an MBA program or a related graduate-level business program.
Relevant experience such as: experience in a top-tier consulting firm, corporate strategy function, technology company, or financial services field.
Proficiency in all areas of strategy development, including project management, business analysis, problem solving, executive communication, consensus building, and people development.

Preferred Qualifications

Strategic problem solver with exceptional analytical skills
Adept at dissecting complex and ambiguous issues and synthesizing actionable strategies
Strong communication and presentation skills to influence outcomes and drive projects
Solid financial acumen, project management, and execution
Adaptable, collaborative, and possess the integrity necessary to foster trust and respect within the organization

Why Cisco?

At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.

Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere.

We are Cisco, and our power starts with you.

Message to applicants applying to work in the U.S. and/or Canada:

Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location, market conditions, job-related skillset, experience, qualifications, education, certifications, and/or training. The full salary range for certain locations is listed below. For locations not listed below, the recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process.

U.S. employees are offered benefits, subject to Cisco’s plan eligibility rules, which include medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, paid parental leave, short and long-term disability coverage, and basic life insurance. Please see the Cisco careers site to discover more benefits and perks. Employees may be eligible to receive grants of Cisco restricted stock units, which vest following continued employment with Cisco for defined periods of time.

U.S. employees are eligible for paid time away as described below, subject to Cisco’s policies:

10 paid holidays per full calendar year, plus 1 floating holiday for non-exempt employees
1 paid day off for employee’s birthday, paid year-end holiday shutdown, and 4 paid days off for personal wellness determined by Cisco
Non-exempt employees** receive 16 days of paid vacation time per full calendar year, accrued at rate of 4.92 hours per pay period for full-time employees
Exempt employees participate in Cisco’s flexible vacation time off program, which has no defined limit on how much vacation time eligible employees may use (subject to availability and some business limitations)
80 hours of sick time off provided on hire date and each January 1st thereafter, and up to 80 hours of unused sick time carried forward from one calendar year to the next
Additional paid time away may be requested to deal with critical or emergency issues for family members
Optional 10 paid days per full calendar year to volunteer

For non-sales roles, employees are also eligible to earn annual bonuses subject to Cisco’s policies.

Employees On Sales Plans Earn Performance-based Incentive Pay On Top Of Their Base Salary, Which Is Split Between Quota And Non-quota Components, Subject To The Applicable Cisco Plan. For Quota-based Incentive Pay, Cisco Typically Pays As Follows

.75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota;
1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%;
1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and
Once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation.

For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, Cisco may pay 0% up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.