This role is with Snowflake. WayUp is partnering with Snowflake to hire top talent.

At Snowflake, we are powering the era of the agentic enterprise. To usher in this new era, we seek AI-native thinkers across every function who are energized by the opportunity to reinvent how they work. You don’t just use tools; you possess an innate curiosity, treating AI as a high-trust collaborator that is core to how you solve problems and accelerate your impact. We look for low-ego individuals who thrive in dynamic and fast-moving environments and move with an experimental mindset - who rapidly test emerging capabilities to discover simpler, more powerful ways to deliver results. At Snowflake, your role isn't just to execute a function, but to help redefine the future of how work gets done.

Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Now we are at the forefront of data and AI and how we help customers evolve for AI work as well as including the best of AI in our own product.

We’re looking for dedicated students who share our passion for ground-breaking technology and want to create a lasting future for you and Snowflake.

  What We Offer:

Paid, full-time internships in the heart of the software industry
Post-internship career opportunities (full-time and/or additional internships)
Exposure to a fast-paced, innovative culture
A chance to work with world-class experts on challenging projects
Opportunity to provide meaningful contributions to real systems used by customers
High level of access to supervisors (manager and mentor), detailed direction without micromanagement, feedback throughout your internship, and a final evaluation
Stuff that matters: treated as a member of the Snowflake team, included in company meetings/activities, flexible hours, casual dress code, access to our great office and benefits at the San Mateo office

 What We Expect:

Must be actively enrolled in an accredited college/university program during the time of the internship
Desired class level: 1st/2nd year MBA Students
Interest in Product Management and the technology industry
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to work as part of a team
Dedication and passion for technology
When: Summer (May/June- September)
Duration: 10-12 weeks

 What You Will Learn/Gain:

How to contribute to product strategy and planning
Experience in market research and competitive analysis
Exposure to product design and user experience principles, particularly in the era of AI
Understanding of data-driven decision-making
Experience working with cross-functional teams (engineering, design, marketing)
Opportunity to present findings and recommendations to senior management

 Possible Teams/Work Focus Areas:  

We are hiring in a few teams and your focus may include:

Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Data Engineering and Development
Snowsight and user interface development
Product Platform (Billing & Monetization, Application Collaboration Frameworks, Database Security, Privacy, and Governance, etc..)
Data Platform (Data Pipelines & Streaming, Metadata, Storage & Data Lake, etc..), and our Service Runtime (Inc’l Snowpark & SnowPandas, Container Services, etc..)

Every Snowflake employee is expected to follow the company’s confidentiality and security standards for handling sensitive data. Snowflake employees must abide by the company’s data security plan as an essential part of their duties. It is every employee's duty to keep customer information secure and confidential.

Snowflake is growing fast, and we’re scaling our team to help enable and accelerate our growth. We are looking for people who share our values, challenge ordinary thinking, and push the pace of innovation while building a future for themselves and Snowflake.

How do you want to make your impact?

For jobs located in the United States, please visit the job posting on the Snowflake Careers Site for salary and benefits information: careers.snowflake.com

The following represents the expected range of compensation for this role:

The estimated pay range for this role is $60.00-70.00 per hour.

The successful candidate’s starting hourly rate will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location. This role is also eligible for a competitive benefits package that includes: medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance; flexible spending & health savings account; employee assistance program; and other company benefits.

To comply with pay transparency requirements and other statutes, you can notify us if you believe that a job posting is not compliant by completing this form.
… more

Benefits found in job post

Disability insurance