Company Overview

Amperesand is reinventing how the world powers its most critical systems.

We are facing a once-in-a-generation opportunity for infrastructure disruption. Electricity demand is skyrocketing, driven by AI factories, electric vehicles, and modern industrial growth. Energy supply is shifting to incorporate a more diverse mix of resources – including solar, gas, and batteries – at a massive scale.

And yet the power infrastructure behind our latest mega-projects hasn’t meaningfully changed in nearly 100 years. Supply chains for today’s infrastructure equipment can’t match the pace and sophistication of critical energy projects. Amperesand is building hardware and software that rewrites this broken power infrastructure playbook to support a new era of energy abundance.

We’ve built a new class of intelligent, software-defined power infrastructure products leveraging a decade of advanced medium voltage Solid State Transformer research that’s now ready for commercial deployment.

Our products and solutions go far beyond the capabilities of traditional electrical equipment. We make power systems that are faster to deploy, dramatically smaller and more efficient, and capable of supporting modern, dynamic energy needs for tomorrow’s most demanding energy consumers.

Scalable in-house advanced manufacturing capability is our foundation for meeting timeline and quality expectation to serve infrastructure customers around the world.

Amperesand is led by breakthrough energy hardware development veterans and funded by top tier investors who share our vision of building a category-defining energy technology company.

With hubs in San Francisco, Reno, and Singapore, our global team is laser focused on building foundational technology to solve the most pressing problems in power infrastructure at scale.

Join us in building the power foundation of the future!

Internship Duration: June 1- August 24 

Role Summary

We are seeking an outstanding summer MBA intern to join our team at a key moment of growth for Amperesand. With funding from top tier investors and a team of over 100 people, our company is accelerating through multiple inflection points in commercial, technology, and product development. You will join a global group of laser focused, thoughtful, and high-performing advanced energy technology innovators. As a Strategy & Operations Summer Associate you will partner closely with business leaders and have a hand in helping shape how Amperesand achieves its next milestones on the path to delivering world class critical power products to customers.

Responsibilities

Lead workstreams on key projects focused on go to market, commercial strategy, partnerships, and business model development. 
Conduct market analyses, build financial models, and synthesize insights to drive key business decisions. 
Collaborate cross-functionally with Commercial, Product, Engineering, and Finance teams. 
Prepare and present findings and recommendations to executive leadership 
Identify opportunities for operational improvement, design and implement solutions to optimize internal processes 

Qualifications

3-5 years of work experience in engineering, startups, consulting, finance, corporate strategy or related fields 
Currently enrolled in an MBA program 
Strong first-principles strategic thinking to solve complex business challenges 
Curiously excited to pursue independent learning 
Strong bias for action and outcomes rather than perfection 
Exceptional research and analytical skills; ability to analyze broad datasets to extract actionable insights 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with ability to synthesize complex concepts and focus on the “so what” 
Leadership experience and a collaborative approach to problem solving 
Passion for energy infrastructure, renewables, the power grid, AI datacenters, complex energy systems 

What You’ll Gain

Multiple high-impact initiatives in a fast-scaling hardware environment 
Mentorship and collaboration with experienced leaders, and like-minded friends passionate about energy technology and improving our power infrastructure 
Opportunity to grow your network in the advanced energy infrastructure, datacenter, and industrial power sectors 
Hands on experience across multiple business functions from strategy to product to operations and finance 
Consideration for a full time role upon graduation 
Competitive compensation 
A vibrant work environment, including access to our San Francisco office’s rooftop deck for collaboration and relaxation 

Please note: This role requires working on-site 5 days a week. We do not offer hybrid or remote options.

Pay Disclosure & Benefits

Compensation will be determined based on experience, location, and other factors permitted by law. 

The benefits outlined below apply exclusively to employees located in the United States.

Competitive Salary + Incentive Stock Options 
Medical, vision, and dental benefits for employees and their dependents, effective from the start of hire 
Company paid Basic Life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability insurance 
401k retirement savings plan through Empower 
Employees receive paid time off (PTO), paid sick days, and paid company holidays 
Commuter Benefits 
100% paid maternal leave (12 weeks) and paternal leave (6 weeks) 

Singapore-based employees receive benefits in accordance with local government provisions.

Equal Employment Opportunity

Amperesand is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information or characteristics, physical or mental disability, marital/domestic partner status, age, military/veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Amperesand is also committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. Please let your recruiter know if you need an accommodation at any point during the interview process.
… more

Benefits found in job post

Disability insurance, 401(k), Commuter benefits